====
Ox64
====

.. contents:: Sections
    :local:

Summary
-------
This is a simple development board from Pine64:
 * 26 GPIO pins
 * on-board NOR flash (16Mb or 128Mb)
 * microSD
 * JTAG Header

 More information on this board can be found `here <https://wiki.pine64.org/wiki/Ox64>`__.

Useful Links
------------
 * https://wiki.pine64.org/wiki/Ox64
 * https://github.com/bouffalolab/bl808_linux
 
Pinout Notes
------------

The pinout in the schematic is not correct. Instead it is: 
 
======= =============
GPIO     Function
======= =============
6       M0_JTAG_TMS
7       M0_JTAG_TDO
12      M0_JTAG_TCLK
13      M0_JTAG_TDI
======= =============

https://github.com/bouffalolab/bl_mcu_sdk/issues/32#issuecomment-1296513790

Flash Notes
-----------

The development board that I was given did not have the 128Mb flash (16Mb)
so I was not able to load many of the sample images including attempting
to load Linux as shown in the quick start.

Loading you will get an error that looks like this
.. code-block:: 

    {"ErrorCode": "003E","ErrorMsg":"BFLB FLASH LOAD VERIFY FAIL"}


Programming Notes
-----------------
This board does not have a onboard USB-UART adapter.  Some adapters
struggle to use the 2M baud programming speed and will only work at
lower baud rates such as 115200. The Tigard adapter seemed to be fairly
reliable.

Debugging with JTAG
-------------------

When the device is placed in the bootloader mode, you are able
to connect via JTAG. I was not able to get openocd to find the
cores, but using cklink as documented in :doc:`../jtag` I was able to
debug the M0 core.